Clarifying DistributedContext purpose (#240)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/overview.md

## DistributedContext

> The **DistributedContext** exists to store labels that describe the context of an operation an application performs. It is intended to enable context that are custom to the application or integrations in contrast to other contexts, such as `SpanContext`. Only one **DistributedContext** should be associated with any particular operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **DistributedContext** exists to store labels that describe the context of an operation an application performs. It is intended to enable context that is custom to the application or integrations in contrast to other contexts, such as `SpanContext`. Only one **DistributedContext** should be associated with any particular operation.
```

Assuming you want "context" to be singular here, I don't know about "integrations" though.

> The **DistributedContext** exists to store labels that describe the context of an operation an application performs. It is intended to enable context that are custom to the application or integrations in contrast to other contexts, such as `SpanContext`. For a specific operation, there should not be multiple **DistributedContext** instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **DistributedContext** exists to store labels that describe the context of an operation an application performs. It is intended to enable context that are custom to the application or integrations in contrast to other contexts, such as `SpanContext`. Only one **DistributedContext** should be associated with any particular operation.
```

Also, why is DistributedContext in bold font?

Author: I'm not sure. It's the convention in the previous version. Is there a convention on style we can refer to?

> The **DistributedContext** exists to store labels that describe the context of an operation an application performs. It is intended to enable context that are custom to the application or integrations in contrast to other contexts, such as `SpanContext`. For a specific operation, there should not be multiple **DistributedContext** instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **DistributedContext** stores labels that describe the context of an operation an application performs. It is intended to enable contexts that are custom to the application or integrations in contrast to other contexts, such as `SpanContext`. For a specific operation, there should not be multiple **DistributedContext** instances.
```

Author: apparently github only lets me add one suggestion per line to a batch. I'll add this in a second commit.

> The **DistributedContext** exists to store labels that describe the context of an operation an application performs. It is intended to enable context that are custom to the application or integrations in contrast to other contexts, such as `SpanContext`. For a specific operation, there should not be multiple **DistributedContext** instances.

Reviewer 2: > It is intended to enable contexts that are custom to the application or integrations

Is that so? I thought the Distributed Context, as specified now, was more or less what TagMap was in OpenCensus. But Ted commented in #242 that there will be a new proposal this week.

Author: I'm struggling for the right way to word this, but I wanted a way to help someone understand that this is a more free-form set of tags / labels that developers can use for their own stack's purposes.

For example, at Zillow we will probably use this to propagate originating service, which there is no spec around. 

When I say "integrations" I was thinking about telemetry SaaS providers. I'm sure there's keys that are valuable to propagate for them (maybe also and originating service key). 

Of course I may have misunderstood this. And yes maybe Ted will have a completely new proposal that changes the purpose dramatically.

For example, a web service can benefit from including context around what service has sent the request. Or a SaaS provider can include context about the API user or token that is responsible for that request. These values can be consumed from **DistributedContext** and used as an additional dimension for a metric, or additional context for logs and traces.

> **DistributedContext** is a collection of key-value `Entry` pairs, with each key of associated with exactly one value. **DistributedContext** is serializable,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**DistributedContext** is a collection of key-value `Entry` pairs, with each key associated with exactly one value. **DistributedContext** is serializable,
```

- **EntryMetadata** contains properties associated with an **Entry**.
For now only the property **EntryTTL** is defined.
- **EntryTTL** is an integer that represents number of hops an entry can propagate.

> Anytime a sender serializes an entry, sends it over the wire and receiver deserializes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anytime a sender serializes an entry, sends it over the wire and a receiver deserializes
```
